# 6/7/2026 - 55th Update!

currently 11:25 AM, not really gonna be a long update, just a status of where things are at!

the other days ago (like, the past two weeks), lots of things have been coming in, including:

- 5/26/2026 - 5/27/2026:
    - aluminum extrusions and linear rods (all the amazon stuff!)
- 5/28/2026:
    - = stepper motors
- 5/29/2026 - 6/1/2026: (was at an offseason competition, logged everything on 6/1/2026)
    - triangle lab v6 hotend
    - keenovo heater
    - skr 1.4 board
    - all the digikey stuff!
- 6/3/2026:
    - all the other aliexpress stuff!

so yeah! everythings basically here already (other than the printed parts of course, i need to start working on that soon), it surprisingly doesnt take up too much space on the storage table setup i have, though, the boxes are pretty heavy... of course, the printed parts will take quite a bit of space, not exactly looking forward to managing all these print jobs lol (but hey, itll be fun regardless!)

currently being forced to delay the actual printing and building since i gotta study for some stuff, but after these final exams (why are we still doing this), construction should start! (and maybe a return to `raven`???) its gonna take a while, had an idea for a pcb project to submit to something while i work on that (still refining it, i want to speedrun this one though!)

so yeah, that's it, not much of work, just a small update, in terms of cad, still gotta fix the build plate height and the extruder docking area. but yeah, even though its the middle of the afternoon (currently 11:37 AM), good night!