6/12/2026 - 56th Update!

ok, it's currently 1:21 PM at school, and i gotgithub, hackatime, and onshape, all set up (and theoretically configured?) on a random school laptop. anyways, welcome back! not gonna be back for long since i do have exams upcoming. anyways, im currently in physics and since we're done with anything, our teachers letting us do whatever, so here we go!

the last couple days, ive been testing 3d prints here and there, just seeing clearances and how good stuff prints out was pretty interesting to do, ill add a couple pictures when i get home (if i remember)

anyways, spent a minute because some guy asked me to beat deadlocked, 61% first run, messed up because i started stressing a bit (my fingers are shaking lol) (this guy has a black wave trail and is somehow zoomed in, thats an interesting setup)

some things we need to fix:
- the bearings are actually 4mm (???) instead of 3mm, so we just have bigger bearing stacks (not sure if thats really an issue in belt alignment)
- some stuff (aka, specifically printing rods sideways) doesn't come out the best (a bit of superglue and friction should be able to keep everything together?)
- the printed gussets are a bit too short (since, the screws currently will poke a little bit into the frame, see a picture coming some day)
- some of the extruder plates are goofy as heck (since the screw holes are wayyy too close t the edges, probably just increase the size)
- the tall pulley area thingies (the z direction prints at the corners of the coreXY area) could probably be split into multple pieces for better assembly and repair
  - they also take a scary amount of filament to make lol

and the old news of things to fix:
- the z axis doesnt reach the extruder (just increase the bottom thing's height, just some jank cad solution is ok)
- the additional extruder mounts collide with the belt (just put it at a sideways point thing)
- the magnets are not cadded and the filament has no where to come out of (just make a hole on the top and a sliding thing in the main triangle, i guess that also helps with possibly slanted alignment)
- we do not have anderson powerpole connectors or anything (find some contact solution? i dont really know how to solve this one)
- there is no heatbed irl (just a buying and manufacturing issue for now)
- the holder thing does not work (just make it work)

and probably a whole bunch of things that im forgeting

i also need to start assembling some form of print spreadsheet for the order of stuff to print in, since i also do need to work on the mini robot models (maybe push this into the summer? idk)

well, no time to waste, let's go! gonna tackle the bearing stuff and the extruder holders first, that'll probably take all the time? of course, future photo updates some time, gonna be busy studying for stuff tonight because of wonderful time management (sarcasm detected)

spent a good chunk of time trying to fix something with the +x -y pulley area, kinda weird but whateve, need to update the side heights now

ok, 2:10 PM, class is ending any second, got really caught up in fixing frame stuff, but yeah, see ya for now!
