# 5/16/2026 - 52nd Update!

we're still around! time to get this project back up to speed, some 216 days (7 months and 4 days) since day 1. 3:45 PM on this afternoon, should be work on some essay thingies (we had exams for the last two weeks but i still have to finish working on essays for college and stuff), but hey, might as well do that to get back in the game!

some stuff has happened since then! for one, back on 4/9/2026's log, i mentioned that we won 2026nyn2 and were headed off to worlds, worlds concluded a couple weeks ago, crazy but super tiring experience, hoping to go back next year! also, since when did vscode have this download button on the top for updates? weird... anyways, what's the plan?

back on 5/4/2026, the grant finally went through and we are now ready to start buying stuff! it was initially approved when i was at worlds (hah i have 67 notifications on slack) on 4/28/2026, some 18 days ago. before buying stuff though, i want to run through all the build logs i need to write about, put it in a giant paragraph on blueprint, then work on updating and assembling the bom into a giant list and hopefully going through it today or tomorrow! (hopefully no price increases?)

- 3/7/2026 - 3.6 hrs
- 3/13/2026 - 2.5 hrs
- 3/14/2026 - 1.5 hrs
- 3/23/2026 - 1.5 hrs
- 3/24/2026 - 0.5 hrs
- 3/29/2026 - 6.8 hrs
- 3/30/2026 - 0.9 hrs
- 3/31/2026 - 5.8 hrs
- 4/1/2026 - 2 hrs
- 4/5/2026 - 2.4 hrs
- 4/9/2026 - 1.2 hrs

its 5:11 PM and im still writing logs, starting 3/30/2026 right now, 5055 characters in (aaa)

ok, 5:49 PM, adding up all the times, the whole thing is 8500 characters and has 18 images! thats more than x56 the minimum character requirement!

ok, 5:53 PM and that's done!

gonna be back at 6:00 PM, that was a lot of typing...

7:27 PM and finally back! just need to clear out some tabs before starting...

ok, spark bom updating time!

good news, the structure bom went down a bit, bad news, the linear rods are sold out. that's not good. this is VERY not good. also, its really the time to start buying stuff since a lot of the bom required stuff is running low/out, motion bom went up some bit (disregarding the linear rod issue for now), 

issues

- no amazon linear rods (motion, row 2), out of stock (wait/replace)
- xy belt pulley (motion, row 6), need 2, limit 1, stock 1 (replace)
- z screw (motion, row 7), limit 1
- 623 bearings (motion, row 9), limit 1
- triangle lab v6 hotend (extruders, row 2), limit 1
- skr 1.4 turbo (electronics, row 8), does not exist anymore (replace)

turns out, the skr 1.4 turbo never came back in stock, the page is just kinda gone... this means, the skr 1.4 has to do, no major changes (maybe correcting the drawing i guess), it'll just be a bit slower (but that's fine)

assuming shipping prices are the same, prices went from $379.90 to $379.73 (both with out buffers). pretty ok, biggest issue is no linear rods, idk if the limit 1/shopper is calculated per purchase or per account

ok, so we dont have 4 z direction extrusions, we have 6. who made this list... good news! back when we removed the mmm extrusion (the one in the middle between the print area and the electronics area that was meant for motor support), we actually freed enough material to actually make it work (assuming the heights still the same) work! it is the same height, so it still works, with some 2 cm to spare!

linear rods seem alright, though it doesnt matter until we find it from somewhere else

and yeah, that's it for now! bom has issues to fix, gotta order soon. that said, 8:13 PM, gotta go do other stuff for a bit now, see you in a quick second!

turns out, henry, in fact, did not come back, at least that day. yeah, its currently the late evening on 5/17/2026, kinda gotta close this rift in time here lol. ok, good night!