# 5/18/2026 - 53rd Update!

ok, started around 10:06 PM according to vscode but did roughly half an hour of searching today so far, rounding down, so im really concerned about how to fix this issue. we have a couple choices

- check other sources (tried, no luck so far)
    - aliexpress is mad expensive
    - some sources (limobearing or something?) is very low but shipping is abysmal
    - generally just bad deals 
- same amazon source, but with different lengths
    - updated the `extrusion.py` code to work with this
    - usually ends up around $40-$45
- same amazon source, but 8mm instead of 12mm
    - genuinely considering this right now

the tool base and tool head add to 1.445 pounds (worst case, assuming stepper motor is solid aluminum, assuming solid printed parts (as in, more than 100% infill, injection modling type stuff)), the x sliding assembly is 2.117 pounds (again, worst case), so totaling 3.6 pounds for estimate

for our test, lets assume all this is weighing cantiliever at the end of the longest rod (because, thats the most unrealistic bad situation), id say somewhere around 0.9 lbs (half because of two rods and end supports) would be most realistic for an extreme case

- 3.6lbs, 12mm: 0.052 cm (0.52mm)
- 1.8lbs, 12mm: 0.026 cm (0.26mm)
- 0.9lbs, 12mm: 0.013 cm (0.13mm)
- 3.6lbs, 8mm: 0.259 cm (2.59mm)
- 1.8lbs, 8mm: 0.133 cm (1.33mm)
- 0.9lbs, 8mm: 0.066 cm (0.66mm)

obviously, this is bad. so, lets not do 8mm and spend an extra $10 for a fifth of the flex

i really dont know what to do right now?

there's another option. however, i think its horrifying, but here me out, we have 12mm for the large xy rods where it matters (cantilever/end supported and what not) (sum of 127.2 cm, or 38x2, 25.6x2) and 8mm for the vertical transmissions/guides (sum of 64.5 cm, or 14.25x2, 18x2). if we can get 127.2 to 120 that would be nice? i mean, its possible by making the y rods have 0.1cm of support (this is a joke, obviously, but we cant shorten the y rods by 1.8cm on each side, its already at 1.9cm)

fun fact! idk why i never check, but it seems that we are 1.365cm off in direction for our -x limit, as in, the extruder cant really touch the end of the build plate. erm. i mean, at least it covers more than the entire y build plate length?

hold on, i can just write a script to calculate all this...

ok, had a bit of help with this one (im kinda really tired right now), currently computing stuff, imma let it run and come back in a bit?

so, it seems that the `extrusions.py` code doesn't work as a final solution checker, more of a quick thing, so it doesnt really work in cases where we have different sizes. however, the optimal solution so far (not calculate/verified through code, that'll take a really long time im guessing) is:

- 60: 25.6, 14.25, 18 (2.15 left)
- 60: 25.6, 14.25, 18 (2.15 left)
- 40: 38 (2 left)
- 40: 38 (2 left)

with a total cost of $22+$17=$39, better, compared to the other code's solution of 60x4 ($42)!

so, what now? idk i gotta do homework lol, its 12:08 AM, brb!

welp, 2:18 AM, that's it for now, good night!