# 1/19/2026 - 31st Update!

so. back at 5:30 PM. we have a decision to make.

so, after debating about it back and forth, here's the stuff id probably do to save price

- downsize build area from 235mm to something around 180mm
- remove top extrusions
- remove lower x linear rods

so yeah, from top to bottom, those are the moves i'd take here. of course, if we reach #3, that's pretty bad, so i hope that #1 should be able to fix it. ok, made a version save, time to reduce!

just kidding i apparently cant find smaller print beds. there is also another option. removing an extruder tool. yes, i know, that means 3 extruders to 2, but hey, dual color is still pretty neat? but that then starts to question the purpose of having tool exchanging. i mean, sure, switching between a pencil and pen, but then this just becomes an oversized expensive blot. i really don't know what to do here.

maybe just drop tool changing all together? kinda defeats the point of the project though.

you know what. i think we just keep going, and i guess ill cover the extra money needed. its 6:31 PM, i can't make up my mind, imma go to dinner now.

huh back and onshapes off. (offshape lol)

spent the rest of the day studying for exams tomorrow, gotta write todays and yesterdays log tomorrow, still cant come up with a solution. i think for now, downsizing and adding $50 to fund the rest should be ok for now, but idk. but if we increase budget to $450 ($400 from hack club, $50 from me), then it's a hard limit, no more "just a bit more" or else itll just explode. idk though

ok, good night!