# 11/23/2025 - 15th Update!

11:36 PM today, not much time left, but here we go! shocking! today we gonna work on first fixing the file structure here, aka, adding the firmware cad and pcb folder! also, starting work on the firmware!

so, firmware struture, so here's what we need!
- some HAL (hardware abstraction layer)
    - mostly searching online for a way to talk to the electronics
    - motor controllers, neopixels (we will very likely have leds), etc.
- motion control system
    - simple to understand what needs to be done but decently complicated to do 
    - kinematics (corexy)
    - acceleration/trajectory planning (jerk limiting)
    - stepper motor control
        - steps
        - timing/scheduling
        - microstepping (still need to read up on this)
    - buffering
        - gcode queue and planning
    - homing and min/max motion moments
        - (aka, dont go where you cant)
        - limit switch, etc.
    - not necessary, but:
        - less sound
        - vibration compensation (for now, just find a good table i guess)
- temperature control
    - thermistor, thermocouples, pt100, etc.
    - pid control (well, just a pid controller.)
    - safety features
        - thermal runaway protection (VERY IMPORTANT)
        - max/min temperature limits
        - sensor failure detection (part of thermal runaway protection)
- communication
    - pc/touchscreen communication
    - gcode parsing
    - some way to move files
    - sd card also would be neat
- more safety
    - thermal runaway protection (mentioned before)
    - watchdog timers
    - overcurrent protection
    - movement bounds (mentioned before)
    - emergency stop
        - also would be neat if the machine could stop itself if needed
    - brownout detection
        - if youre running it off an frc battery or something

ok, 11:49 PM now, i need to quickly study for physics!

back at 12:22 AM, added a couple of readmes to the folders, also updated the main readme image (yes, i know its not the most recent/updated, but it was the most complete image in the devlogs!)

anyways, busy day tomorrow, gonna go to sleep now! (its 12:28 AM) ok, good night!