# 4/9/2026 - 51st Update!

well, we gotta write those logs soon... anyways, 10:08 PM, last three days was our regional competition for robotics (2026nyn2), and we won! driving during finals (in my second event driving) was crazy to experience (well, we were doing defense the entire time for playoffs, but still). anyways, cant wait to drive down there in worlds (this is bonkers, i drove the robot for the second regional winner blue banner in our teams history, last one in 2009)

anyways, wait why is the raspberry pi still plugged into the wall

basically, i wanna reload all the bom prices

well, the M3 2020 extusion nuts dont exist anymore. nvm, just had the paranthesis in the link

yo whatever world events are happening are really annoying right now, structure bom went up a whole dollar

motion bom went down a whole nine cents

extruder bom didnt change, electronics went down 36 cents

shipping and taxes will be annoying to do, also, the SKR 1.4 turbo from zyltech seems to still be out of stock

ok, amazon "estimated tax to be collected" went down quite a bit (15 something to 6.92), changed the buffer from $10 to $5, all of BOM on the google sheet is updated! sitting at $389.90 (including $10 of safety), so id say its pretty neat! (basically, it costs $379.90 right now)

ok 10:41 PM, brb

back at 11:02 PM, updating the csv now... (oh right, also, digikey shipping also went down!)

ok, updated the csv and the readme BOMs! the one on the readme is now far more detailed! quick commit, gonna pivot to writing journals...