# 7/2/2026 - 69th Update!

~~funny number haha~~

so, it's 2:58 PM, and there's a bit of catching up to do. last night, i had the realization since, when trying to plug in the fan to the fan0 connector (the one more closer to the center), that the connector thing just came out. then, at like 2 or 3 in the morning once i finished the log, i remembered that and wondered if the jst connector shells could all be removable.

then, i tried prying off (gently) another one, at it worked! so i then just removed all the connectors on the motor side. i thought it was intentional for this use case, then realized that since the pitch or whatever the pin spacing is called are different, it's probably not intentional design (however, it'll work for our case)

however, it does bend the pins a bit, i'm guessing, and it's a really (really) strong connection (well, obviously, since we have the side forces too). took a guess on the pin direction based on normal standards, really can't tell until we turn everything on.

speaking of turning things on (wait that sounds weird), we need to wire the inlet in

anyways, need to write a devlog real quick

so its been like an hour and kinda havent started anything (other than writing the devlog), gotta finish the tool cad

todo
- filament grabbing gears NEED to be done!
- design does not consider wiring! like, at all!

and also, the design needs to be possible (aka, the gear box top back plate has to be able to fit the gear)

hmm only issue is that the input gear does need some sort of bearing to keep it straight

quick break at 5:00 PM for a meeting

how does one design filament grabbing gears?

ok, they designed, need to consider wiring now

ok, 7:10 PM, should be addressed, gonna eat dinner real quick, things arent set to print yet

it's 8:55 PM and im back, quite a slow day today unfortuntaely, seems like i forgot magnets we supposed to be added

i might regret this later, but i think the friction from the top block locks it in pretty well for a strength that the latch needs to fight against

i think it's ready to print, preping to send off

small cad fix and that's good? i think? was just an assembly thing

9:25 PM and sent to print!

while that goes on, we gotta finish the corexy belting path, ignoring the fact we need belt clips for now

we need like 139cm+ (measuring from inside) for the belt length of one, with the belt clip distance kidna considered, i guess we should split the 5m belt into 150cm, 150cm, and 200cm so that we can have backup incase we mess up? seems good for now, a little too much extra length but that's better than too little i guess? timelapse time...

need to convert to inches since cant find the cm tape measure...

ngl i spent one hour preparing and belting everything but the last redirect block in the slider and then spent 45 minutes on that last redirect block. anyways, corexy is now all beleted, the ends do need to be screwed down and clipped and what not, but yeah, looking good!

the prints on the other hand are pretty meh, somethings deeply wrong with some cad stuff now that i look at it

3:42 AM, im just to tired for this, tried assembling the thing, almost there, just the filament gears are bad, have too much friction with the filament too, can't shove it in, has potential, corexy is horrible to assemble, im just to tired for this, considering scrapping and giving up at this point, i dont even know, three days left, i dont think i can finish in time

on the good side, it does connect well, so that's awesome

yeah that's it, to tired for this, probably gonna leave all the stuff out there to pick up tomorrow, good night!