# 7/3/2026 - 70th Update!

start of day 10, this time at 9:36 AM! i got like a solid two or three hours of sleep last night (i was wake at 4:40 AM, then time jumped to like 5:45 AM, then woke up at around 7:00 AM). anyways, 3 days left, the goal is to finish as much as we can before lunch time. i want to set the extruder fixes to get printing, then fix the horrible belt situation and solder the inlet ready!

last night wasn't my best night so far, basically desperation failed me and it was just all around not a fun time since everything was unfinished or broken. anyways, after almost considering giving up, im back after (not a great) night's rest, so here we go! (yes, i was up that early because we had to go get a haircut.)

somewhere between 0.73 and 0.82 is the good spot for scaling the gears, gonna go roughly in the middle with 0.77

ok, cad fixes done and sent off, hopefully these bushings come out fine? anyways, while that works, time fo the dreaded corexy belt work

YES YES YES ITS THROUGH! 2 MINUTES AND LIKE 30 SECONDS IN!!!

ok, 10:55 AM, prepared to start electronics and soldering, gotta use the bathroom for a second though, brb!

oh these bushings are way too big, extruder filament gearing looking good though!

was gonna start soldering the wires to the inlet, then was advised not to, asked my dad to get connectors in the afternoon (sorry that nycs kinda burning right now aaa)

well, i guess the shaft collar for the corexy can always use some work

im happy to say that the gearing does gear, but the only issue right now is getting that grip correct

upped to 0.85, probably to compensate also for the extra filament size

ok, printing, while that works, gonna make a shaft collar

YES THE FILAMENT GRABS! it grabs pretty well, starts clicking when pulling too much filament (normal expected behavior), so that's good! ok, shaft collar time

1:11 PM and print is sent off! gonna take a break for a second

2:48 PM and back, time to test things out!

ok, shaft collar installed! turns out, decreasing the size really creates a huge amount of friction that works pretty well in our favor! unfortunately, it's so high that it's kinda too good, but that's alright for now

4:03 PM, good news! the tool does attach, the corexy is all belted (kinda quite a bit of friction, surprisingly), and the tool is assembled and well! bad news is that the only thing stoppping us now is the electronics and, well, how fast we can get those terminal stuffs. this can go one of two ways, either yay yay yay, or boom boom boom. hopefully the first one. please.

i should probably make two more sets of tools now, shouldnt i

well, we do need to work on the latch stuff real quick, 4:06 PM, gonna review a pull request real quick
back at 4:26 PM!

we do also need the part cooling tunnel printed

todo:
- part printing
    - latches
    - **DONE** - stepper connection
    - **DONE** - part cooling tunnel
    - additional tools if time permits (not highest priority)
    - skr 1.4 support plate or something
- electornics
    - **DONE** - get the inlet connectors and crimp them
    - **DONE** - wire the lrs-150-24
    - **DONE** - live test 1 (inlet and PSU only)
    - **DONE** - add LM2596 and skr 1.4
    - **DONE** - live test 2 (inlet, PSU, LM2596, and skr 1.4)
        - **DONE** - set LM2596 output to 5V
    - **DONE** - add raspberry pi and ethernet connection
    - live test 3 (inlet, PSU, LM2596, skr 1.4, and raspberry pi 4)
    - connect heating units and other things
        - quite obvious, but fans (x3), heatbed (x1), extruder thermistor (x1), extruder heater (x1)
    - add the switches or something, idk
    - clean up the electronics bay (it's probably cluttered at this point)
- programming
    - set the configs
    - double check configs and all that stuff
    - start testing heating stuff up
    - start testing corexy movement
    - set z axis limits
    - reliability test
    - upload g code and go!

ok, 5:08 PM, we're going to home depot to hunt for the stuff, setting the part cooling tunnel to print

6:30 PM and we have returned from home depot, part cooling tunnel is printed, let's assemble it!

ok, found some finger cover print (as in, to stop you from ~~taste testing~~ touching the terminals), a bit of filament but id rather save my fingers over spending a bit of filament (thanks to [this](https://makerworld.com/en/models/447985-mean-well-lrs-150-24-psu-cover) makerworld thing!)

ok, 7:54 PM, all wired up (frc 8057 reference?), off to dinner for now, testing with electronics gonna happen afterwards once we get an extension cable running! hopefully this set up should be good?

back at 8:32 PM with an extension cable, nyc is having thunderstorms (this isnt a bad omen right), let's check the voron guide for any possible ideas of last second fixes

also thats to [this](https://makerworld.com/en/models/1654875-lm2596s-case) makerworld one for a LM2596 case

so, it's actually 7/4/2026 now, no, it hasnt imploded just yet, isntead i just fell asleep last night at like 11PM and forgot to push, oops

anyways, for last night, good night!