# 7/7/2026 - 74th Update!

ok, 4:56 PM today, we gotta lock in, we should also probably make a schedule so that we can actually stay on track, deadline's the 12th but i think the 10th or earlier is reasonable to try to aim for? realistically, we gotta finish asap since plane tickets are not gonna be fun or what not

anyways, ignoring the logistics side real quick, here's a quick write up (note that we also have way too many hours to journal on the website, probably gonna work on that today also?)

- 7/7/2026:
    - **DONE** - new tools wiring (only two total, don't want to deal with contacts)
    - print, assemble, and add latches
    - **DONE** - retension belts and create corexy solution
    - **DONE** - support bracket for lrs-150-24
    - **GOOD** - RELIABLE COREXY BY EOD
- 7/8/2026
    - z bed tuning
        - either assume perfect flatness or work on bed mesh/calibration
    - g code should be able to run easily (simple commands of course)
    - look into how to print stuff
    - PRINTING WORKING BY EOD
- 7/9/2026
    - ???
    - TOOL CHANGING WORKING BY EOD
        - to be specific, doesn't HAVE to be mid print, the macro is good enough to work with for now
        - yes i know this is a bit scummy, but get that working in a single day is unrealistic
    - DISPLAYABLE PRODUCT BY EOD
    - start footage gathering at night if time permits
- 7/10/2026: ship day!
    - NOTHING BUT SHIPPING
    - get a good amount of footage (reveal video estimated 2 minutes?)
    - SAVE TWO HOURS OR MORE FOR EDITING!!!
    - RELEASE EVERYTHING FOR REVIEW BY EOD!

well, what are we waiting for? gonna cad a support bracket and set it to print, then start working on stuffs!

ok, that's all cadded and sent for printing, time to retension the belts! the log time that i need to write is currently 28 hours and 45 minutes wow

turns out i have a bigger issue which is the fact that its very easy to bend the corexy (please tell me i didnt just destroy a motor shaft). anyways, we do need to print something for that too

ok, a couple minutes later and thats sent off! ok, gonna add the mount and then maybe work on wiring?

ok, waiting on print now! (didnt realize the spool got stuck for a good while whoops) speaking of which, it just finished!

idk it seems way worse now? gonna look into this after dinner, it's 6:56 PM right now!

hmm been a while since ive returned, moved the z axis limit switch to a better location (so that it actually doesnt move as much?), also decreased the acceleration which seems to help fix some of the weird jitter that makes it lose its position, it also seemed like it was a belt thing as always

also my little mount thing did not account for the docking bay, so had to use the big scissors again

ok, gonna set the latches to print, then gonna test reliability after showering!

ok, 8:39 PM, sent to print, see ya in a bit!

10:27 PM and hyped myself back up to get to work, i do want to make the two part inlet connector soon

ok, a while later and some measurements, sent to print!

ok, turned on, time to make sure it can reliable do stuff!

just quickly wrote a little debug guide, not much in it but hey, guess it's something?

ok, the inlet has been added! looks pretty cool now! i guess back to motion work, looks pretty good though

ok, it's 12:28 AM now, gotta end stuff earlier nowadays, things should be good for z bed and printing tomorrow? idk if i can do all that in one day but i guess i can try? anyways, yeah, that's it for tonight! not much footage, hopefully i have more energy for this tomorrow? ok, good night!