# 7/23/2026 - 80th Update!

well. so im back from open sauce! actually, flight entered back to NYC on the morning of 7/21/2026, but the last two days have really just trying to get back in motion lol (turns out having crazy fun and instantly returning to "normal life" is somewhat rough)

anyways, it's 9:18 PM, here's a recap! i dont think timelapsing all the work there would be reasonable (i estimate probably around 8 hours of work?), but yeah, mostly just config tuning and working on irl stuff, the base plate sort of didnt like the flight (but it's really alright? basically the screws kinda ripped through the tape a bit)

after the return flight, one of the LM2596's input wires fell out, took a bit to get it in (haha get it screwdriver bit), anyways, still got a lot to do, i think for now im gonna just finish the update log on the stardance site, then update all the graphics over here, and yeah, prepare for something new??? (i have some ideas...)

anyways, i think im gonna prep the stardance project to ship, idk if i can?

ok, 11:00 PM, updated the front image, gonna work on updating some stuff

ok, 11:06 PM (almost typed AM, that would be funny), added the open sauce image to the readme, brb!

back at 12:42 AM, yeah, i think it's a good time to ship?

mfw fixing the position so the aspect ratio for the banner and the project banner (the different pages) are so so hard to get correct

anyways, yeah, gonna copy this stuff over and we should be good to go?

well, 1:22 AM, for now, good night!