# 3/23/2026 - 44th Update!

welcome back, this time in bronx science! (yes im on the github web view). now, its 3:54 PM right now, and we kinda have an optional meeting today. i expected more people to show up, but literally no one is here today, so i guess its good to use this time to work on cad and stuff

ok, where were we? oh right, z axis. one more thing. we have 7 days left (that's not good). gonna yoink this from 2/16/2026

- 3/23/2026: Z Axis
    - Finish work on the main Z axis setup
    - Start work on the bearing/rotational areas on the top and bottom
- 3/24/2026: Z Axis (Final Day)
    - Finish bearing/rotational areas of the Z axis
    - Fix any conflicts
    - Place into assembly
- 3/25/2026: Continue Tool Area
    - Alignment (tool base to tool) system work
    - Start work on docking (tool to dock) system work 
- 3/25/2026: Docking system
    - Test printed docking latch mechanisms?
- 3/26/2026-3/27/2026: Finish Tool Area
    - Finish the tool (extruder)
    - CFD on the part cooling if time allows, otherwise can do later
    - Check for collision
- 3/27/2026: Work on Docking Bay and Check Collisions
    - Do most of docking bay (realistically, not much)
    - Overall CAD Full Assembly (shouldnt be hard at all)
    - Overall CAD check for any impossible actions or major issues
- 3/27/2026-3/28/2026: Last Days for CAD
    - Check everything
- 3/27/2026-3/28/2026: Electronics and Firmware
    - Wiring check and making sure we are rated properly
    - Firmware review (klipper) and check that everything is compatible
    - Work on BOM if time allows
- 3/29/2026-3/30/2026: BOM and Ship
    - Finish adding everything to the BOM
    - Reduce BOM, remove some parts if needed
- 3/31/2026: Buffer day
    - Final check and ship, ok if pushed to tomorrow

ok, basically that, gonna try finishing z axis today. now, i have to do this, mit's mwsi thing, college scholarship essay thing, and the classic homework and stuff. 

also, one more thing, we need linear bearings on the BOM (oh and everything on the buildplate)

ok, so we need 4 bearings for the gantry and stuff, 2 for the z axis, so thats 6 LM12UU bearings (we're still using those right?)

yo why are bearings so expensive

ok, so far, [here's](https://www.aliexpress.us/item/3256807105962945.html) the best one i could find, set of 8 for $8.05

ok, changed the top of the z axis thingy so that the linear rods dont need a bearing (since, well, they dont need a bearing)

anyways, we need to write a "fake bearing" featurescript some time soon, or just have a single part studio with a ton of them. anyways, bottom bit should be the same for the z 

mfw i hear the hopper person say "hopper is the most trivial mechanism" while they failed to create a working hopper for at least three iterations over the course of two months (it cant be this hard, extend the slider to the back and add an extra plate so that it stops rotating, decrease clearances to slide and lubricate if you really want to, it really isnt that difficult). anyways, i think that this mirror upside down is good enough?

its probably a bad idea im doing the assembly without finishing everything in part studio. sure?

anyways, a lot of it assembled in the assembly

ive been suggested to use bushings instead of linear bearings? i shall look into this

anyways, 5:23 PM now, gonna be cleaning things up and getting ready to go home, probably gonna work on some homework (preferably fast), some BWSI things, and work on the essays a bit, then come back, hopefully sometime from 10:00 PM to 12:00 AM? ok, see ya! (pictures will come in a bit)
